Yeah, there's all these
great color pickers.
You can see like an example here,
where we have a blue on white, and
the contrast ratio is extremely high.
Meaning that if we look into
the specifics, this passes both AA and
AAA on every axis.
And then we can see other ones that are a
lot closer, like this sort of fuzzy red,
I'm not sure what to
call it against white.
And we can see here that it passes on
some criteria, like it is AA compliant
as normal text, but it fails to
be AAA compliant on normal text.
Again, there's more to think about,
and I think about this a lot,
like when I'm making slideshow
presentations is that.
Certain colors might not be great for
my body text, but they might be okay for
the headers, because if the font size is
sufficiently large or sufficiently bold,
then it'll likely be compliant as it is.
And one other thing that
I wanted to talk about,
this sort of dovetails into my
other course, my DevTools course.
But there's some really
nice tools out there.
So if we go ahead and
we open up the dev tools and
there's lots of different tools we'll
cover that do this kind of stuff.
But if we go ahead and we find any
element that's got some text in it,
so here we've got like this
span with some text in it.
And we click on the color
of the element itself,
we will see down here this contrast ratio.
And so, we can see the kind of contrast
ratio that would be acceptable for
this amount of text.
And we can see that we
are AA compliant here.
A cool thing that you can
kind of mess with is if,
let's say the background color was black.
And we go back into here, and
we look at the contrast ratio,
we can see that it has gone up to 60%.
And we can also see on the color picker,
this will be our kind of next
exercise that we work on.
These tools will give you a range
on the color spectrum and
anything up here in that range
is going to be AAA compliant.
Basically like this white line
that they've drawn across, and
as we get lower and you can kind of
see the 68 in the background there.
As we get into the non-compliant terms,
we can actually see that it's
quite a lot more difficult to see.
So, there's a lot of great tools out
there, while you're prototyping,
you can do this in Figma or
Chrome dev tools or
whatever it is you use to
kind of do your designing.
You can get a really nice visual indicator
of the text you have, and again,
this takes the size in.
So if we were to do something like change
the font size to 100 pixels and then
go back to it, we can see that the white
line that goes across is now much larger.
We have a much larger scheme of
kind of colors to play with here.
Does this make sense?
Feeling good to people?
Okay, cool, yeah,
some great tooling, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: I also noticed
that the contrast setting,
it was under experimental.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah,
>> I think like,
not reliable or something.
>> Speaker 1: It is, the only thing
that's experimental is that, they've been
moving from this WCAG AA AAA into this
advanced perceptual contrast algorithm.
So they're experimenting with
switching up the algorithm.
Let me try it here, I was having some
trouble with the default one earlier this
week, which is the only
reason I didn't show.
Okay, it is working.
So this is the one, this is the normal
one that is in production and
it is the one that we are kind of
used to seeing in this course.
Is it AA compliant?
Is it AAA compliant?
I was having difficulty with
it working on Tuesday, but
it looks like it's doing really well.
And here is nice because it shows two
lines, one to be AA compliant and
one to be AAA compliant.
So anything that's up here
will be AAA compliant.
In this little in between area
will be AA compliant, and
then out here will fall out of compliance.
So, yeah, sorry about the experiment,
but yeah, this is the default one.
Both will accomplish the same thing.
If they're in the good range,
then they will be good contrast.
Yeah, I'll do another quick exercise here.
This one is all about color contrast and
I just wanted to give everybody a couple
of minutes so
they can play with it themselves.
So let's see,
we've got exercise five color contrast.
We've got a little contrast picker for
you all to play with,
where you can kind of see,
is it AA compliant?
Is it AA compliant?
What's the contrast ratio?
And if we take a couple of
minutes to do and play with this,
I'd also love to just give you an
opportunity to Maybe open the DevTools or
whatever designing tool you use.
And play with the accessibility features
on there and just kind of see your current
websites and things like that,
how they are doing color contrast wise.